== ABOUT ==

qspec is a testing framework for the Q programming language
lightly inspired by Behaviour Driven Development and the
rspec testing framework ( http://rspec.info ).  It provides
functions for the creation of unit tests, a command line
tool for running and displaying the results of unit tests,
and some callbacks for defining new tools based on unit
tests (as all test objects are handled as Q objects,
typically dictionaries).  It is written entirely Q and
should be cross platform.

== INSTALLATION ==

qspec as it is distributed requires the installation of the
qutil library ( http://github.org/DannoHung/qutil ). Follow
the qutil instructions and then unzip qspec to an acceptable
location within the Q source code search path that you will
have specified.

If this is unacceptable, search within the project for all
instances of the keyword ".utl" and replace the
corresponding methods with functions that work with your
existing codebase.  The behaviors from qutil used are
finding and loading files based on provided paths and
interpreting options to the command line tool. If you intend
to keep up to date with release, I would recommend
developing a script to perform substitutions for you.

== LICENSE ==

This code is licensed under an MIT license.  See LICENSE for
the full text.

== MISC ==

While you are under no obligation to do so, if you have
changes to the code that you feel would be useful to others,
please contribute them back.  If you have suggestions,
please make them.  If you have found a bug, please report
it.

== CONTACT ==

Daniel Nugent 
nugend@gmail.com
http://github.com/DannoHung/qspec
